In Tableau, your measure is the average of review score,
and you use region as a dimension to compare and contrast distributions.
Visualize your review measure as a row and ensure that you're selected on a text table.
Cast your measure to a standard deviation.
Here's the standard deviation across all products in all countries.
But we would want to filter by product ID of
three to ensure our analysis is limited to smartwatches only.
Finally, take the country dimension as
a column to split out standard deviation by country.
You can see that Canada, Japan,
and Brazil have the highest standard deviation,
indicating that they have the widest spread of positive and negative reviews,
warranting additional deep dive.